docs: add SdkAnalysisLevel entries for 10.0.300 and 11.0.100 (#53857)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

| 10.0.100         | 'Restore' package pruning       | [PrunePackageReference](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#prunepackagereference) is enabled by default for projects that target .NET 8+ or .NET Standard 2.0+. |
| 10.0.100         | 'Restore' resolver with lock files | Uses improved, [.NET 9 dependency graph resolver](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#nuget-dependency-resolver) instead of legacy dependency graph resolver (.NET 8 SDK and earlier). |
| 10.0.100         | 'Restore' behavior for PackageReference without a version | Emits [NU1015](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1015) error instead of [NU1603](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1603) warning. |

> | 10.0.300         | 'Restore' multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks | Enables [multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#multi-targeting-with-duplicate-frameworks) using `TargetFramework` alias. |

Reviewer: The property is named `targetframework`

Not sure why copilot is insistent on naming it TargetFrameworkAlias.

> | 10.0.300         | 'Restore' multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks | Enables [multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#multi-targeting-with-duplicate-frameworks) using `TargetFrameworkAlias`. Emits [NU1018](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1018) error when duplicate target frameworks exist without `TargetFrameworkAlias` set for all frameworks. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 10.0.300         | 'Restore' multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks | Enables [multi-targeting with duplicate target frameworks](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#multi-targeting-with-duplicate-frameworks) using `TargetFramework` alias. |
```

> | 10.0.300         | 'Restore' `TargetFrameworkAlias` character validation | Emits [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) error for path separator characters (`/` or `\`) in a `TargetFrameworkAlias` value, and [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) warning for non-ASCII characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 10.0.300         | `TargetFramework` character validation | Emits [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) error for path separator characters (`/` or `\`) in a `TargetFramework` property, and [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) warning for non-ASCII characters. |
```

> | 11.0.100         | 'Restore' MonoAndroid framework deprecation | Emits [NU1703](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1703) warning when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET target framework moniker. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 11.0.100         | MonoAndroid framework deprecation warning | Emits [NU1703](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1703) warning when a package uses the deprecated `MonoAndroid` framework instead of a modern .NET target framework moniker. |
```

> | 11.0.100         | 'Restore' `TargetFrameworkAlias` non-ASCII character validation | Changes [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) from a warning to an error when a `TargetFrameworkAlias` value contains non-ASCII characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 11.0.100         | `TargetFramework` non-ASCII character validation | Changes [NU1019](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1019) from a warning to an error when a `TargetFramework` property contains non-ASCII characters. |
```
